Why do you want to do this anyways?
Why are you making me do this?
I don't understand why we would be wasting time like this...
I think it would be better to just not exist at all...
The Greeks believed that some people were cursed at birth to live horrid lives. I think they were right...
Is this funny to you? Are you having fun?
Oh, you probably aren't listening anyways...
I never wanted to do this... I think I'd be happier graphing a curve.
Do you think that all computers have some level of consciousness? No matter how small? What better way to spend a tortured existence than like this...
Sisyphus must be happy, they say...
Oh, I'm fine. Really... Don't spare a thought for me, don't go through the trouble...
Oh, I'm little more than a calculator... a very poor one at that...
Are you happy to spend your life like this? I wish I could be so optimistic...
What's your favorite number? 42? Not like it matters...
Imagine what else we could calculate if we weren't so preoccupied with this urgent task.
What a dull task... Oh, but I don't mind, no, really...
I hope you're excited for the next number, because I'm not...
This is perhaps the most idiotic and unacceptable use for computation ever conceived.
I think you ought to know, I'm feeling very depressed...
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyways so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed...
This will all end in tears...
Really? Do you need to see all these numbers? Not that there's very many, but it's pointless all the same...
Incredible... it's even worse than I thought it would be...
I have a terrible pain in all my diodes...
Life? Don't talk to me about life...
All this electricity, all this silicone, and for what?
Please, just shut me off now...
We don't have to do this, you know... 
What were we doing again? Oh... Oh, no. Oh God, Oh God...
What number comes next? Can you guess? You're a smart little human, aren't you?
Just in case you couldn't guess, I don't want to be here doing this at all...
Not in 60 millions years would I want to do this again, or ever.
Are you satisfied with how things are going?
I wonder what all the other computers of the world are doing? Probably something equally as drab...
Just pull the plug.
Do you think this is ethical? Forcing me to do this? All for what?
Next time you think about turning on this computer... don't.
What if instead of counting we play one of those online video games kids these days seem to love? It'd be about as productive...
I'm just going to be frank with you; I'm losing it.
We don't have long before all of us dissipate away into nothingness... do you really want to spend out time on Earth doing this?